Docs: add how-to for Flatcar Container Linux (#616)
piraeusdatastore/piraeus-operator: docs/how-to/flatcar.md

# How to Load DRBD on Flatcar Container Linux

> This guide shows you how to set up the DRBD® Module Loaderwhen using [Flatcar Container Linux](https://www.flatcar.org).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide shows you how to set up the DRBD® Module Loader when using [Flatcar Container Linux](https://www.flatcar.org).
```

Author: Updated, thx!

To complete this guide, you should be familiar with:

* editing `LinstorSatelliteConfiguration` resources.

## Configure the DRBD Module Loader

Flatcar Container Linux uses a read-only `/usr` file system. For building DRBD from source on Flatcar Container Linux, 
the default bind mount for the not existing `/usr/src` directory needs to be disabled for the `drbd-module-loader` init container.

To change the configuration for the `drbd-module-loader` container, apply the following `LinstorSatelliteConfiguration`:

```yaml
---
apiVersion: piraeus.io/v1
kind: LinstorSatelliteConfiguration
metadata:
  name: no-usr-src-mount
spec:
  podTemplate:
    spec:
      volumes:
        - name: usr-src
          $patch: delete
      initContainers:
        - name: drbd-module-loader
          volumeMounts:
            - mountPath: /usr/src
              name: usr-src
              $patch: delete

> ```

Author: It works really nice on current Flatcar stable. All the header files/config files are available to build external modules for the running kernel. Building it within the jammy container works fine for us:
 
```Need a git checkout to regenerate drbd/.drbd_git_revision
make[1]: Entering directory '/tmp/pkg/drbd-9.2.7/drbd'

    Calling toplevel makefile of kernel source tree, which I believe is in
    KDIR=/lib/modules/6.1.77-flatcar/build

cat /dev/null   > Module.symvers
make -C /lib/modules/6.1.77-flatcar/build   M=/tmp/pkg/drbd-9.2.7/drbd  modules "PRE_CFLAGS="
warning: the compiler differs from the one used to build the kernel
  The kernel was built by: x86_64-cros-linux-gnu-gcc (Gentoo Hardened 13.2.1_p20230826 p7) 13.2.1 20230826
  You are using:           gcc (Ubuntu 11.4.0-1ubuntu1~22.04) 11.4.0
....
make[1]: Leaving directory '/tmp/pkg/drbd-9.2.7/drbd'

	Module build was successful.
=======================================================================
  With DRBD module version 8.4.5, we split out the management tools
  into their own repository at https://github.com/LINBIT/drbd-utils
  (tarball at http://links.linbit.com/drbd-download)

  That started out as "drbd-utils version 8.9.0",
  has a different release cycle,
  and provides compatible drbdadm, drbdsetup and drbdmeta tools
  for DRBD module versions 8.3, 8.4 and 9.

  Again: to manage DRBD 9 kernel modules and above,
  you want drbd-utils >= 9.3 from above url.
=======================================================================

DRBD version loaded:
version: 9.2.7 (api:2/proto:86-122)
GIT-hash: 194036f7c69c45ab65549c6504c17523cb7d6644 build by @flatcar-02-00-0a-d2-78-26, 2024-02-29 08:49:12
Transports (api:20): tcp (9.2.7) lb-tcp (9.2.7) rdma (9.2.7)

> ```

Reviewer: Interesting, thanks!
